Dev flow config (#16)
SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/.github: docu/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit_Documentation.md

      - [[ModuleName]_Processing.lua for multiple instances](#modulename_processinglua-for-multiple-instances)
    - [[ModuleName]_Controller.lua](#modulename_controllerlua)
      - [[ModuleName]_Controller.lua for multiple instances](#modulename_controllerlua-for-multiple-instances)

> 	- [FlowConfig Functions and Events](#flowconfig-functions-and-events)

Reviewer: Please check this line (and also the following ones) if capitalization is really correct here. Stay uniform within this table of content. Comparison: Line 33, here you write "functions and events"

Author: Done

This article will explain what the approach of the SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit is and how you can use its “modules / templates” and how to code your own modules.

> There are some [videos](https://sickappspacecodingstarterkit.github.io/) available to give a quick introduction to this approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the following [videos](https://sickappspacecodingstarterkit.github.io/) for a quick introduction to the SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit.
```

> In addition, the SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit includes templates that represent application-specific combinations of the modules. The templates demonstrate how modules interact and serve as a starting point for further coding. For example, the remote camera template covers a basic image processing application on a SIM with multiple remote cameras and the steps of setup, image acquisition and result communication, where the data processing step can be freely customized at the code level - as well as all other steps of the application and the respective UIs.

Reviewer: "In addition" seems to refer to a phrase that is two lines above. I did not see the connection immediately. If this does not change geh intended meaning, I would leave it out:
"The SICK AppSpace coding ..."

> Another part is the FlowConfig feature. This makes it possible to link the inputs / outputs of CSK modules with each other in a graphical way (see [FlowConfig](#flowconfig))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mentioned modules need to be connected to solve an application. To do this, you can use the UIs or the source code of the modules. Alternatively, the FlowConfig feature can be used. This makes it possible to link the inputs / outputs of CSK modules with each other in a graphical way (see [FlowConfig](#flowconfig))
```

![](/docu/media/10.1_FlowConfigFeature.png)

By using SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit modules or templates, SensorApp developers do not have to start programming from scratch, but work with a modular, extensible architecture right from the start.

A key component of CSK is common naming, documentation, and code structure to make it easier to share modules, find the relevant code sections, and understand and extend modules. If you make use of the CSK modules, please share as much as possible with the community.

The SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit is not specific to a particular application domain, and the intended users are application developers working on source code. For certain application domains or devices, other starting points may be more appropriate, such as SICK Nova for 2D-vision applications on InspectorP-series devices. Users are encouraged to evaluate the different options and work with the ones that meet their needs.

# Using the code of SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit modules

There are 2 different possibilities to use the modules.

> The modules are developed and structured in a way that you can simply copy the content into a single app or you can run them in parallel apps and use their CROWN interfaces. Both ways will be described in the following (incl. PRO + CONS of these two approaches):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modules are developed and structured in a way that you can simply copy the content into a single app or you can run them in parallel apps and use their CROWN interfaces. Both ways are described in the following paragraphs (incl. the PROS and CONS of both approaches):
```

> 

Reviewer: Optional / Question: is there somwhere a list or examples of these use cases where UI interaction is enough? Could you link them here or name some in brackets? (e.g. image...task by combining the following modules: ..., ..., ....)

Author: Future task

> 2. Additionally you can now create another app (e.g. named “CSK_Application_Name”). From this app you can use the provided functionalities of the modules. If needed, this app can include a customized user interface with bindings to the provided CROWNs of the modules (or even implement UIs of modules into the application specific UI). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Additionally you can now create another app (e.g. named “CSK_Application_Name”). In this app you can use the provided functionalities of the modules. If needed, this app can include a customized user interface with bindings to the provided CROWNs of the modules (or even implement UIs of modules into the application specific UI). 
```

> 3. By default, when you add the [CSK_Module_SensorAppOverview](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/CSK_Module_SensorAppOverview) app to your working directory, you get an automatically generated UI that is displayed when you connect to the device IP via a browser (e.g. "http://192.168.0.1"). This enables you to easily switch between the different user interfaces such as the specific module UI or your customized user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. By default, when you add the [CSK_Module_SensorAppOverview](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/CSK_Module_SensorAppOverview) app to your working directory, you get an automatically generated UI that is displayed when you connect to the device IP via a browser (e.g. "http://192.168.0.1"). This enables you to easily switch between the different user interfaces such as the specific module UI or your customized user interface (see 2.).
```

4. Repeat this for all wanted modules

> ## PRO / CONS of different approaches

Reviewer: Please add a "S" to PRO in all instances where you use this phrase.

Author: Done

> ## PRO / CONS of different approaches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PROS and CONS of the different approaches
```

Reviewer: If you apply this change, please make sure the table of content at the beginning also uses the "PROS" and the word "and"

### Multiple apps

> PRO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PROS
```

- Often necessary to communicate via CROWN interface to share content between the modules (key/value table need to be transformed into Container objects, but there are predefined functions available for this)
- To keep performance if modules perform "cross module function calls", modules should be developed by paying attention regarding garbage collection (see chapter [Performance](#performance))

### Single app

> PRO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PROS
```

# Using the SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit

> You will find templates which show how the code of the modules is used in the 2 mentioned ways (single app / multiple apps) within this GitHub organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find templates which show how the code of the modules can be used in the 2 mentioned ways (single app / multiple apps) within this GitHub organization.
```

The idea is to keep the modules as generic as possible and only use their features (optionally from an application app). This way, it is easy to upgrade certain modules to newer versions without having to adjust the customizations made before.

> As a lot of the modules provide an UI, it can be even possible to solve applications out of the box by just running the modules on a device, connect to them via browser and configure them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a lot of the modules provide a UI. In some cases it can even be possible to solve applications out of the box by just running the modules on a device and configuring them via the UIs by using a web browser.
```

Author: Will merge a combination...

## FlowConfig

(**INFO** Watch the [FlowConfig video](https://sickappspacecodingstarterkit.github.io/) to get a short introduction of this feature.)

> As already mentioned, each CSK module provides at least one generic feature. To solve specific applications it is very interesting to combine these features with each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As already mentioned, each CSK module provides at least one generic feature. To solve complex applications, you can combine these features with each other.
```

To do so, a lot of modules provide their results within served events and other modules can register on these events to further process the data.

A lot of modules provide a function to register to these events and provide this setup on the UI as well.

To make it easier to link these inputs / outputs it is possible to use the FlowConfig feature, which is provided as a CSK module as well (see [FlowConfig module](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/CSK_Module_FlowConfig).

Within the [Developing guideline for modules](#developing-guideline-for-modules) you will find the relevant code to extend a module to support the FlowConfig feature.

![](/docu/media/10.1_FlowConfigFeature.png)

# Developing guideline for modules

This guide is meant as a suggestion to find a common way to code modular apps for the SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit, so that it becomes easy to combine these different modules with each other and to benefit from this when sharing these modules and to understand the code written by another developer faster by knowing this guide (“where to find the relevant part inside of the code”).

> (**INFO** Watch the [Extending the function scope video](https://sickappspacecodingstarterkit.github.io/) to get an idea what it looks like to extend the code of an existing module.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(**INFO** Watch the [Extending the function scope video](https://sickappspacecodingstarterkit.github.io/) to get an idea of what it looks like to extend the code of an existing module.)
```

Mostly this file will load (require) the relevant script(s) first to give access to the function scope of this module.

```
_G.availableAPIs = require('Communication/FTPClient/helper/checkAPIs')
-- Check if module can run on device
if _G.availableAPIs.specific == false then
  _G.logger:warning("CSK_FTPClient: Relevant CROWN(s) not available on device. Module is not supported...")
end
-- ...
_G.ftpClient_Model = require('Communication/FTPClient/FTPClient_Model')
require('Communication/FTPClient/FlowConfig/FTPClient_FlowConfig') -- relevant if the module supports the FlowConfig
```

The upper part of the code loads and checks all relevant APIs for this module if this does not happen automatically because the app property "LuaLoadAllEngineAPI" is set to FALSE (for more info on this topic, see the chapter [Performance](#performance) ).

> This global variable can be used inside of the whole code to check if the feature is available on the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This global variable can be used anywhere in the code to check if the feature is available on the device.
```

### [ModuleName]_Model.lua without kind of "classes"

> As mentioned before, there are different kinds of modules. If it is about modules without the need of "classes" for object-oriented programming, this script should at least consist of the following parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned before, there are different kinds of modules. If it is about modules without the need of "classes" for object-oriented programming, the script should at least consist of the following parts:
```

   ftpClient_Model.formatter:encode(image)
   ```

> 6. Additionally it is possible to put all data that is relevant to be saved persistently to put into an additional sub-table like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Additionally it is possible to put all data that is relevant to be saved persistently into an additional sub-table like this:
```

### [ModuleName]_Model.lua with kind of "classes" for single instance

> As mentioned before, there is also the more complex module type, providing kind of “classes” (LUA does not support classes but tables can be used in some senses…) for object-oriented programming. There are some differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned before, there is also the more complex module type, providing kind of “classes” (LUA does not support classes but tables can be used in a comparable way …) for object-oriented programming. There are some differences.
```

Besides, there are also functions to dynamically add/reset the number of instances.

### FlowConfig Functions and Events

> If a module should be available within the FlowConfig, there are some events and function it should provide.

Reviewer: 1) either "some events and functions" or "and one specific function"?

2) Is it clear that most /all officially provided modules already support flowconfig and that all the described steps aim at persons who want to enable their selfdeveloped modules in this context? if not I suggest to write the following:

"All modules provided in the GitHub organization already support using them within the FlowConfig. If a module that you develop yourself should be available within the FlowConfig, there are some events and functions it should provide."

Author: 1) Done
2) For some modules it just does not make sense to be used with FlowConfig (like DateTime, PowerManager, Logger, ...)

> Additionally, there are some other relevant lines of code already mentioned in other chapters. Please search for 'FlowConfig' on this documentation page to find other relevant lines of code.

Reviewer: if you can find all relevant lines of code here, then you would be more specific and write .." to find all other relevant lines of code."

Author: Done

> **INFO: Before you try to extend a module with this feature, you should be sure to understand all the other CSK basics!**

Reviewer: OK, but alternatively to me "other" sounds strange, Optional suggestion: 
"understand all the basics of CSK"

Author: Done

- Make sure to check if the CSK_Module_FlowConfig is available on the device. Place this check within the 'checkAPIs.lua' file like this:

```
...
-- Check if related CSK modules are available to be used
  local appList = Engine.listApps()
  for i = 1, #appList do
    if appList[i] == 'CSK_Module_PersistentData' then
      CSK_PersistentData = require 'API.CSK_PersistentData'
    elseif appList[i] == 'CSK_Module_UserManagement' then
      CSK_UserManagement = require 'API.CSK_UserManagement'
    elseif appList[i] == 'CSK_Module_FlowConfig' then
      CSK_FlowConfig = require 'API.CSK_FlowConfig'
    end
  end
...
```

- Within the main file, require the main FlowConfig file (regarding the FlowConfig files, see chapter [FlowConfig Files](#flowconfig-files)) and hand over the handle of the instances.

```
local setInstanceHandle = require('MainFolder/ModuleName/FlowConfig/ModuleName_FlowConfig')
...
setInstanceHandle(multiDataLogger_Instances)
```  

> - Module should provide a function 'setFlowConfigPriority' to set the status if the FlowConfig should have priority (see chapter [FlowConfig Parameter Logic](#flowconfig-parameter-logic) ) and an event named 'OnNewStatusFlowConfigPriority' to provide this status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The module should provide a function 'setFlowConfigPriority' to set the status if the FlowConfig should have priority (see chapter [FlowConfig Parameter Logic](#flowconfig-parameter-logic) ) and an event named 'OnNewStatusFlowConfigPriority' to provide this status.
```

> - Module should provide a function 'getStatusModuleActive' to inform the CSK_Module_FlowConfig if the features of the module are available on the device the module is running on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The module should provide a function 'getStatusModuleActive' to inform the CSK_Module_FlowConfig if the features of the module are available on the device the module is running on.
```

> - Module should provide a function 'clearFlowConfigRelevantConfiguration' to clear all FlowConfig relevant configuration if the FlowConfig priority is active for the module (see chapter [FlowConfig Parameter Logic](#flowconfig-parameter-logic) ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The module should provide a function 'clearFlowConfigRelevantConfiguration' to clear all FlowConfig relevant configuration if the FlowConfig priority is active for the module (see chapter [FlowConfig Parameter Logic](#flowconfig-parameter-logic) ).
```

### FlowConfig Parameter Logic

Within the FlowConfig it is possible to link the features of CSK modules and to set some related parameters for these modules.

Because of this, it is possible that the setup of the FlowConfig differs from the setup done within the specific module and could lead to unexpected behaviour.

To prevent this, there is the "FlowConfig priority". The idea of this priority is to clear all configurations of the module which can be done via FlowConfig as well. That means, if the priority is active, these configurations are only controlled via FlowConfig.

If the user is aware of this possible vulnerability, it is still possible to deactivate that priority and to combine module specific configuration with the FlowConfig setup. It is just important that these configurations are in harmony with each other.

In general the logic of loading the parameters via the CSK_Module_PersistentData (see [Persistent Data](#persistent-data) ) is like this:

1) First, each CSK module will load its saved configuration if its 'Load on reboot' status is active (see modules UI)

2) After that, the FlowConfig will load its configuration

> 3) If the 'FlowConfig priority' status of a module is active, all FlowConfig relevant configurations of these modules will be cleared (the module developer needs to take care of this, see 'clearFlowConfigRelevantConfiguration' function).

Reviewer: Do I understand correctly, that the FlowConfig is loaded and written over the saved config, then in 3, some parts are cleared  again and then in 4 rewritten?
Or would the logical order rather be 1, 3 and then step 2 ?

Author: Done

4) The configuration stored within the FlowConfig will be set to the related CSK modules

### FlowConfig Files

> If the module shoud support the FlowConfig feature, there is even some more additional content to add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the module you develop shoud support the FlowConfig feature, there is even some more additional content to be added.
```

> **INFO: Before you try to extend a module with this feature, you should be sure to understand all the other CSK basics!**

Reviewer: Like mentioned above:
OK, but alternatively to me "other" sounds strange, Optional suggestion: 
"understand all the basics of CSK"

Author: Done

First of all, create a "FlowConfig" folder at 'scripts/Mainfolder/Subfolder/' and create a file '[ModuleName]_FlowConfig.lua' in it.

> This will be required out of the main file and internally requires all lua files for available FlowConfig features. Additionally it will register to the 'OnClearOldFlow'-event of the FlowConfig CSK module to optionally clear all FlowConfig relevant configuration if a new flow was activated:

Reviewer: optional: do you mean "This should be required in the main script"?

Author: Done

```
require('Communication.FTPClient.FlowConfig.FTPClient_Put')
--require('Communication.FTPClient.FlowConfig.FTPClient_OtherFeatureA')
--require('Communication.FTPClient.FlowConfig.FTPClient_OtherFeatureB')

--- Function to react if FlowConfig was updated
local function handleOnClearOldFlow()
  if _G.availableAPIs.specific then
    -- for i = 1, #multiModuleName_Instances do -- only relevant for MultiModules
      if ftpClient_Model.parameters.flowConfigPriority then
        CSK_FTPClient.clearFlowConfigRelevantConfiguration()
      end
	-- end
  end
end
Script.register('CSK_FlowConfig.OnClearOldFlow', handleOnClearOldFlow)

--[[
Only relevant for MultiModules
local function setMultiModuleName_Instances_Handle(handle)
  multiModuleName_Instances = handle
end

return setMultiModuleName_Instances_Handle
]]
```

> The code content of the FlowConfig files depends if the module should only provide data as an output, only consume incoming data or do both of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code content of the FlowConfig files depends on whether the module should only provide data as an output, only consume incoming data or do both.
```

This file should include code like this:

```
-- Block namespace
local BLOCK_NAMESPACE = "ModuleName_FC.OnNewData"
local nameOfModule = 'CSK_ModuleName'

--*************************************************************
--*************************************************************

local function register(handle, _ , callback)

  Container.remove(handle, "CB_Function")
  Container.add(handle, "CB_Function", callback)

  local function localCallback()
    if callback ~= nil then
      Script.callFunction(callback, 'CSK_ModuleName.OnNewData') -- adapt this accordingly
    else
      _G.logger:warning(nameOfModule .. ": " .. BLOCK_NAMESPACE .. ".CB_Function missing!")
    end
  end
  Script.register('CSK_FlowConfig.OnNewFlowConfig', localCallback)

  return true
end
Script.serveFunction(BLOCK_NAMESPACE ..".register", register)

--*************************************************************
--*************************************************************

local function create()
  local container = Container.create()
  Container.add(container, "CB_Function", "")
  return(container)
end
Script.serveFunction(BLOCK_NAMESPACE .. ".create", create)
```

> The 'create' function will be called, as soon as a block of this feature exists within the flow.

Reviewer: Comments:
Text is OK like this, especially if the style it is consistent with other CSK documentation. If this is not too much work, it would be even better if... (optional!)
1) in official programming tutorials we only use quotation marks like "...". For functions we use Camel case just like in the API docs so in this case it would be ... The create() function will be called ...
2) It would be easier to read without "will", but works this way. example: The create() function is called as soon as ...

Author: Future issue...

> The 'create' function will be called, as soon as a block of this feature exists within the flow.

Reviewer: Comments:
Text is OK like this, especially if the style it is consistent with other CSK documentation. If this is not too much work, it would be even better if... (optional!)
1) in official programming tutorials we only use quotation marks like "...". For functions we use Camel case just like in the API docs so in this case it would be ... The create() function will be called ...
2) It would be easier to read without "will", but works this way. example: The create() function is called as soon as ...

Author: Future issue

If this block is linked to another block, it will call the 'register' function. Within this function it is possible to edit the name of the event to provide the output content of the module.

> As you can see, it is just about to provide the information on what event the output data can be received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal in this context is to  provide the information on what event the output data can be received.
```

      break
    end
  end
end
Script.serveFunction(BLOCK_NAMESPACE .. '.dataSource', setDataSource)

--*************************************************************
--*************************************************************

local function create(instance)

  -- Check if same instance is already configured
  if nil ~= instanceTable[instance] then
    _G.logger:warning(nameOfModule .. ': Instance already in use, please choose another one')
    return nil
  else
    -- Otherwise create handle and store the restriced resource
    local handle = Container.create()
    instanceTable[instance] = instance
    Container.add(handle, 'Instance', instance)
    return handle
  end
end
Script.serveFunction(BLOCK_NAMESPACE .. '.create', create)

--- Function to reset instances if FlowConfig was cleared
local function handleOnClearOldFlow()
  Script.releaseObject(instanceTable)
  instanceTable = {}
end
Script.register('CSK_FlowConfig.OnClearOldFlow', handleOnClearOldFlow)
```

As you see, in this case it will use the received data (the name of the event of another module to get the data) to register to this event, so that the module can receive this data.

> Manifest can look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The manifest can look as follows:
```

![](/docu/media/10.1_FlowConfigManifestConsumer.png)

> Of course it is possible to put some more logic within the code and add additional parameters to set, to control what should happen if somebody creates a flow with this feature and to react on optional parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course it is possible to put some more logic within the code and to add additional parameters that can be set, in order to control what should happen if somebody creates a flow with this feature and to react on optional parameters:
```

  end
  if data3 then
    CSK_MQTTClient.addPublishEvent(data3, topic, qos, retain)
  end
  if data4 then
    CSK_MQTTClient.addPublishEvent(data4, topic, qos, retain)
  end
end
Script.serveFunction(BLOCK_NAMESPACE .. '.publish', publish)

--*************************************************************
--*************************************************************

local function create(topic, qos, retain)

  if nil ~= instanceTable[topic] then
    _G.logger:warning(nameOfModule .. ": Instance already in use, please choose another one")
    return nil
  else
    -- Otherwise create handle and store the restriced resource
    local handle = Container.create()
    instanceTable[topic] = topic
    Container.add(handle, 'Topic', topic)
    Container.add(handle, 'QoS', qos)
    Container.add(handle, 'Retain', retain)
    return handle
  end
end
Script.serveFunction(BLOCK_NAMESPACE .. '.create', create)

--- Function to reset instances if FlowConfig was cleared
local function handleOnClearOldFlow()
  Script.releaseObject(instanceTable)
  instanceTable = {}
end
Script.register('CSK_FlowConfig.OnClearOldFlow', handleOnClearOldFlow)
```

#### Data Processor

> If the feature should receive, process and forward data, this is a kind of combination of the 2 mentioned methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the feature should receive, process and forward data, the process of creating it is kind of a combination of the two mentioned methods.
```

--*************************************************************
--*************************************************************

local function create(instance, mode) -- 'mode' is an extra parameter used in this example but not necessary if not used...

  local fullInstanceName = tostring(instance) .. tostring(mode)

  -- Check if same instance is already configured
  if instanceTable[fullInstanceName] ~= nil then
    _G.logger:warning(nameOfModule .. "Instance already in use, please choose another one")
    return nil
  else
    -- Otherwise create handle and store the restriced resource
    local handle = Container.create()
    instanceTable[fullInstanceName] = fullInstanceName
    Container.add(handle, 'Instance', instance)
    Container.add(handle, 'Mode', mode) -- optional
    Container.add(handle, "CB_Function", "")
    return handle
  end
end
Script.serveFunction(BLOCK_NAMESPACE .. '.create', create)

--- Function to reset instances if FlowConfig was cleared
local function handleOnClearOldFlow()
  Script.releaseObject(instanceTable)
  instanceTable = {}
end
Script.register('CSK_FlowConfig.OnClearOldFlow', handleOnClearOldFlow)

```

> As you can see, now it will register to an event to receive data and will return the name of event itself will provide data, so that other modules can react on that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, now it will register to an event to receive data and will return the name of an event of itself when used to provide data, so that other modules can react on that.
```

Author: Done

> Manifest can look e.g. like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The manifest might for example look like this:
```

   ![](/docu/media/10.1_CustomApplicationUI.png)

## Relevant functions and events

> There are some functions and events which are quite relevant for the CSK approach and you should know about to understand the background of the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some functions and events which are especially relevant for the CSK approach, which you should know about to understand the background of the code.
```

> Some were already explained within the other chapters. Following you will find some further explainations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some were already explained within the other chapters. Below you will find some further explanations.
```

> Mostly all these functions and events will exist for each module per default.

Reviewer: I do not understand the meaning of this sentence.
Do you mean all the following functions and events? but there are no events listed below.
Why do you write they will exist per default? I assume you do only mean modules provided in the CSK GitHub and not those created manually by the reader.
Suggestion: 
The modules provided in the CSK GitHub organization provide most of the mentioned functions and events per default. It is recommended to design new modules in the same way.

Author: I will switch the sentences, maybe it makes more sense then...

### Function: resetModule

> Each module should provide a function to reset itself. This function should stop all processing of the module which are not needed per default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each module should provide a function to reset itself. This function should stop all processes of the module which are not needed per default.
```

This function should register to the "CSK_PersistentData.OnResetAllModules" event.

This is very helpful if you run multiple processes in different modules but you want to switch to another application and you don't want that unused processes run in the background.

> By notifying the "CSK_PersistentData.OnResetAllModules" event all modules will automatically stop and will wait for a new setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By notifying the "CSK_PersistentData.OnResetAllModules" event all modules will automatically stop and wait for a new setup.
```

	  
### Function: getStatusModuleActive

As CSK modules are generic, it is possible that you can run CSK based applications on different devices.

Some modules and their features might be not usable on specific devices (due to missing APIs) but still can be installed to the device without errors.

> Each module should have a function named "getStatusModuleActive" to give feedback about the status if the module can be used on the current used device so that applications can react on this information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each module should have a function named "getStatusModuleActive" to give feedback about the status if the module can be used on the currently used device so that applications can react on this information.
```
